fix : Tomcat configuration (#1240)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/enable-cors-in-tomcat-bundle.md

_**Important Note 2:** It must be the first filter, inserted right after the </error-page> tag_

> _**Important Not 3:** Replace [DOMAIN_OF_YOU_HOSTED_PAGE] with the domain of your web page (Eg: http://mydomaine.com)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_**Important Note 3:** Replace [DOMAIN_OF_YOU_HOSTED_PAGE] with the domain of your web page (Eg: http://mydomain.com)_
```
